Academic Integrity Policy
----------------------------------------------------------------------

We take academic integrity very seriously. You are required to abide
by the Indiana University policy on academic integrity, as described
in the Code of Student Rights, Responsibilities, and Conduct, as well
as the Computer Science Statement on Academic Integrity
(http://www.soic.indiana.edu/doc/graduate/graduate-forms/Academic-Integrity-Guideline-FINAL-2015.pdf). It
is your responsibility to understand these policies. Briefly
summarized, the work you submit for course assignments, projects,
quizzes, and exams must be your own or that of your group, if
group work is permitted. You may use the ideas of others but you must
give proper credit. You may discuss assignments with other students
but you must acknowledge them in the reference section according to
scholarly citation rules. Please also make sure that you know how to
not plagiarize text from other sources while reviewing citation rules.

We will respond to acts of plagiarism and academic misconduct
according to university policy. Sanctions typically involve a grade of
0 for the assignment in question and/or a grade of F in the course. In
addition, University policy requires us to report the incident to the
Dean of Students, who may apply additional sanctions, including
expulsion from the university.

Students agree that by taking this course, papers and source code
submitted to us may be subject to textual similarity review, for
example by Turnitin.com. These submissions may be included as source
documents in reference databases for the purpose of detecting
plagiarism of such papers or codes.

